Update release instructions (#299)
spacetelescope/jdaviz: docs/dev/release.rst

PyPI. Currently, these do not cover submitting package updates to the
``astroconda`` channel.

This process currently requires admin-level access to the JDAViz repository,

> as it relies on the ability to commit to master directly. To do this, it is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as it relies on the ability to commit to master directly. If you are not confident 
you know how to avoid accidentally pushing something unexpected it is
```

> recommended that you create a ``temp`` directory in a different directory where

Reviewer: ```suggestion
recommended that you create a ``temp`` directory in a different directory from where
```
